git_notes.md, before:

# Git commands and usage

- ``git fetch origin``
- ``git reset --hard origin/Pre-Production``				*to pull the branch and overwrite the local changes*
- ``git status`` 																	  ***to view the files which have changes.***
- ``git add file_path/file_name``  								  ***to add file(s) which have changes***
- ``git commit -m "message for commit"`` 						***to commit the changes)***
- ``git push``																		***to push the changes at repository***

To merge Pre-Production with Production
---------------------------------------
- ``git checkout Production``
- ``git pull origin Production``
- ``git merge Pre-Production``
- ``git push origin Production``

- ``git branch -d branch_name`` 			***to delete a branch***
- ``git branch -D branch_name``			***to delete a branch forcefully***

- ``git stash``        ***to locally save the changes to switch to another branch, for example one at pre-production branch and want temporarily switch to production branch***  
- ``git switch Production``  ***to switch to a branch named Production***
- ``git stash pop``  ***After switch back to previous branch for example, pre-production, use ```git stash pop``` to restore the local changes*** 

# Create a local branch "Production" from remote
- ``git checkout -b Production origin/Production``
- ``git checkout -b Pre-Production origin/Pre-Production``

- ``git diff --name-status origin/Pre-Production..origin/Production``  ***to see the files which have difference in both branches***
- ``git diff origin/Pre-Production..origin/Production``                ***to see the detail of differences***
- ``git diff --name-status``																					 ***to show only the name of files which are modified.***
- ``git diff file_name``																							 ***To see difference of given file***

- ``git restore -s origin/Pre-Production``  ***public/elements/alert-configuration/view-edit-pattern-matching.html***
- ``git restore -s origin/Pre-Production``  ***server/joiSchema.js***


# Merge Pre-Production into Production
- ``git merge origin/Pre-Production``

- ``git checkout origin/Production -- Configurations.py``		  ***revert just Configurations.py back to Production’s version***
- ``git checkout origin/Pre-Production -- server/joiSchema.js``

- ``git add Configurations.py``
- ``git commit   # finish merge commit``
- ``git push origin Production``

- ``git update-index --assume-unchanged <file_path>``   	***to ignore the changes of a file and keep this file in repo***
- ``git update-index --no-assume-unchanged <file_path>``	***again consider the changes of the file***

- ``git update-index --skip-worktree Configurations.py``	***to ignore the changes of a file and keep this file in repo***
- ``git update-index --no-skip-worktree Configurations.py``   ***Ask Git - to consider the changes of the file***


- ``git restore Configurations.py``	 ***to overwrite the local changes***
- ``git restore`` .				***Discard changes in all files***

- ``git fetch origin``
- ``git reset --hard origin/Pre-Production``	***Hard reset everything (⚠️ destroys local changes)***

- ``git fetch origin``														
- ``git reset --hard origin/Pre-Production``		***to over write local changes forcefully***

Commit message:

Revise git_notes.md for clarity and structure
Updated formatting and added sections for merging branches and handling local changes.

git_notes.md, after:

# Git commands and usage

- ``git fetch origin``
- ``git reset --hard origin/Pre-Production``				*to pull the branch and overwrite the local changes*
- ``git status`` 																	  ***to view the files which have changes.***
- ``git add file_path/file_name``  								  ***to add file(s) which have changes***
- ``git commit -m "message for commit"`` 						***to commit the changes)***
- ``git push``																		***to push the changes at repository***

## To merge Pre-Production with Production

- ``git checkout Production``
- ``git pull origin Production``
- ``git merge Pre-Production``
- ``git push origin Production``

- ``git branch -d branch_name`` 			***to delete a branch***
- ``git branch -D branch_name``			***to delete a branch forcefully***

- ``git stash``        ***to locally save the changes to switch to another branch, for example one at pre-production branch and want temporarily switch to production branch***  
- ``git switch Production``  ***to switch to a branch named Production***
- ``git stash pop``  ***After switch back to previous branch for example, pre-production, use ```git stash pop``` to restore the local changes*** 

## Create a local branch "Production" from remote
- ``git checkout -b Production origin/Production``
- ``git checkout -b Pre-Production origin/Pre-Production``

- ``git diff --name-status origin/Pre-Production..origin/Production``  ***to see the files which have difference in both branches***
- ``git diff origin/Pre-Production..origin/Production``                ***to see the detail of differences***
- ``git diff --name-status``																					 ***to show only the name of files which are modified.***
- ``git diff file_name``																							 ***To see difference of given file***

- ``git restore -s origin/Pre-Production``  ***public/elements/alert-configuration/view-edit-pattern-matching.html***
- ``git restore -s origin/Pre-Production``  ***server/joiSchema.js***


## Merge Pre-Production into Production
- ``git merge origin/Pre-Production``

- ``git checkout origin/Production -- Configurations.py``		  ***revert just Configurations.py back to Production’s version***
- ``git checkout origin/Pre-Production -- server/joiSchema.js``

- ``git add Configurations.py``
- ``git commit   # finish merge commit``
- ``git push origin Production``

- ``git update-index --assume-unchanged <file_path>``   	***to ignore the changes of a file and keep this file in repo***
- ``git update-index --no-assume-unchanged <file_path>``	***again consider the changes of the file***

- ``git update-index --skip-worktree Configurations.py``	***to ignore the changes of a file and keep this file in repo***
- ``git update-index --no-skip-worktree Configurations.py``   ***Ask Git - to consider the changes of the file***


- ``git restore Configurations.py``	 ***to overwrite the local changes***
- ``git restore`` .				***Discard changes in all files***

- ``git fetch origin``
- ``git reset --hard origin/Pre-Production``	***Hard reset everything (⚠️ destroys local changes)***

- ``git fetch origin``														
- ``git reset --hard origin/Pre-Production``		***to over write local changes forcefully***

## To get changes from remote and merge with local changes.
-- ``git add .`` ***to add all the changed files in stage locally***
-- ``git stash`` ***to put the local changes in stash***
-- ``git pull Pre-Production``  ***to pull all changes of Pre-Production***
-- ``git stash pop``  ***to merge the local changes,***
-- ``git status``     ***to view the conflicts, if conficts are there tne resolve them manuall***
-- ``git add .``  ***to put all the changes in staging***
-- ``git commit -m "message/comments"  ***to commit the changes***
-- ``git push``
